
Template: neutron/register-endpoint
Type: boolean
Default: false
Description: Register Neutron in the Keystone endpoint catalog?
 Each OpenStack service (each API) should be registered in order to be
 accessible. This is done using "keystone service-create" and "keystone
 endpoint-create". This can be done automatically now.
 .
 Note that you will need to have an up and running Keystone server on which to
 connect using the Keystone authentication token.
Description-da.UTF-8: Registrer Neutron i Keystones slutpunktskatalog?
 Alle OpenStack-tjenester (hver API) skal registreres for at kunne tilgås. Dette gøres med »keystone service-create« og »keystone endpoint-create«. Dette kan nu gøres automatisk.
 .
 Bemærk at du skal have en fungerende Keystone-server at forbinde til via Keystones godkendelsessymbol.
Description-de.UTF-8: Neutron im Keystone-Endpunktkatalog registrieren?
 Jeder OpenStack-Dienst (jedes API) sollte registriert werden, damit darauf zugegriffen werden kann. Dies wird mittels »keystone service-create« und »keystone endpoint-create« erreicht und kann nun automatisch erledigt werden.
 .
 Beachten Sie, dass Sie einen gestarteten und laufenden Keystone-Server haben müssen, mit dem Sie sich anhand des Keystone-Authentifizierungs-Tokens verbinden.
Description-es.UTF-8: ¿Desea registrar Neutron en el catálogo de puntos finales de keystone?
 Debe registrar cada uno de los servicios OpenStack (cada API) para que sean accesibles. Esto se lleva a cabo mediante las órdenes «keystone service-create» y «keystone endpoint-create». Puede hacerlo ahora automáticamente.
 .
 Tenga en cuenta que necesitará disponer de un servidor Keystone en ejecución al que conectarse utilizando el token de autenticación de Keystone.
Description-fr.UTF-8: Enregistrer Neutron dans le catalogue de points d'accès de Keystone ?
 Chaque service OpenStack (chaque API) doit être enregistré pour être accessible. Cela peut être fait en utilisant « keystone service-create » et « keystone endpoint-create ». Cela peut maintenant être fait automatiquement.
 .
 Veuillez noter que vous aurez besoin d'avoir un serveur Keystone fonctionnel sur lequel se connecter pour utiliser le jeton d'authentification Keystone.
Description-it.UTF-8: Registrare Neutron nel catalogo di punti terminali Keystone?
 Ogni servizio OpenStack (ogni API) dovrebbe essere registrato per poter essere accessibile. Ciò viene fatto usando «keystone service-create» e «keystone endpoint-create». Ciò può essere fatto ora automaticamente.
 .
 Notare che sarà necessario avere un server Keystone in funzione a cui connettersi usando il token di autenticazione Keystone.
Description-nl.UTF-8: Neutron opnemen in de catalogus van Keystone-toegangspunten?
 Elke dienst van OpenStack (elke API) moet geregistreerd staan om toegankelijk te zijn. Dit gebeurt met de opdrachten "keystone service-create" en "keystone endpoint-create". Dit kan nu automatisch uitgevoerd worden.
 .
 Merk op dat u een functionerende Keystone-server moet hebben, waarmee u verbinding kunt maken met behulp van het legitimatiebewijs voor Keystone.
Description-pt.UTF-8: Registar o Neutron no catálogo de "endpoint" do Keystone?
 Cada serviço do OpenStack (cada API) deve ser registado de modo a ser acessível. Isto é feito usado "keystone service-create" e "keystone endpoint-create". Isto pode ser feito automaticamente agora.
 .
 Note que irá precisar de ter um servidor Keystone a funcionar no qual ligar usando o sinal de autenticação do Keystone.
Description-ru.UTF-8: Зарегистрировать Neutron в каталоге конечных точек Keystone?
 Для доступа к службам Openstack (каждому API) их нужно регистрировать. Это выполняется с помощью команды «keystone service-create» и «keystone endpoint-create». Это может быть сделано автоматически прямо сейчас.
 .
 Заметим, что у вас должен быть работающий сервер Keystone, к которому будет произведено подключение с помощью токена аутентификации Keystone.
Description-sv.UTF-8: Ska Neutron registreras i keystones katalog med ändpunkter?
 Alla OpenStack-tjänster (varje API) ska registreras för att kunna användas. Detta görs med kommandona "keystone service-create" och "keystone endpoint-create". Detta kan göras automatiskt nu.
 .
 OBS. Du behöver ha en fungerande keystone-server att ansluta till.

Template: neutron/keystone-ip
Type: string
Description: Keystone server IP address:
 Please enter the IP address of the Keystone server, so that neutron-api can
 contact Keystone to do the Neutron service and endpoint creation.
Description-da.UTF-8: IP-adresse for Keystone-serveren:
 Angiv IP-adressen for din Keystone-server, så at neutron-api kan kontakte Keystone for at udføre Neutron-tjenesten og slutpunktsoprettelse.
Description-de.UTF-8: IP-Adresse des Keystone-Servers:
 Bitte geben Sie die IP-Adresse des Keystone-Servers an, so dass Neutron-API Keystone kontaktieren kann, um den Neutron-Dienst und den Endpunkt zu erstellen.
Description-es.UTF-8: Dirección IP del servidor Keystone:
 Introduzca la dirección IP del servidor Keystone para que neutron-api pueda contactar con Keystone para realizar el servicio Neutron y crear el punto final.
Description-fr.UTF-8: Adresse IP du serveur Keystone :
 Veuillez indiquer l'adresse IP du serveur Keystone, pour que l'API de Neutron puisse contacter Keystone pour établir le service Neutron et créer le point d'accès.
Description-it.UTF-8: Indirizzo IP del server Keystone:
 Inserire l'indirizzo IP del server Keystone, in modo che neutron-api possa contattare Keystone per effettuare la creazione del servizio e del punto terminale Neutron.
Description-nl.UTF-8: IP-adres van de Keystone-server:
 Gelieve het IP-adres van de Keystone-server op te geven, zodat neutron-api Keystone kan contacteren om de Neutrondienst en het toegangspunt aan te maken.
Description-pt.UTF-8: Endereço IP do servidor do Keystone:
 Por favor indique o endereço IP do servidor Keystone, para que o neutron-api possa contactar o Keystone para fazer o serviço Neutron e a criação do "endpoint".
Description-ru.UTF-8: IP-адрес сервера Keystone:
 Введите IP-адрес сервера Keystone для того, чтобы neutron-api могла подключиться к Keystone для запуска службы Neutron и создания конечной точки.
Description-sv.UTF-8: IP-adress till Keystone:
 Ange IP-adressen till din keystone-server så att neutron-api kan kontakta Keystone för att lägga till Neutron-tjänsten som en ändpunkt.

Template: neutron/keystone-auth-token
Type: password
Description: Keystone authentication token:
 To configure its endpoint in Keystone, neutron-server needs the Keystone auth
 token.
Description-da.UTF-8: Symbol for Keystone-godkendelse:
 For at konfigurere slutpunktet i Keystone, skal neutron-server bruge Keystones godkendelsessymbol.
Description-de.UTF-8: Authentifizierungs-Token des Keystone-Servers:
 Neutron-Server benötigt das Keystone-Authentifizierungs-Token, um seinen Endpunkt in Keystone zu konfigurieren.
Description-es.UTF-8: Token de autenticación de Keystone:
 Para configurar su punto final en Keystone, neutron-server necesita el token de autenticación de Keystone.
Description-fr.UTF-8: Jeton d'authentification Keystone :
 Pour configurer son point d'accès dans Keystone, le serveur Neutron a besoin du jeton d'authentification Keystone.
Description-it.UTF-8: Token di autenticazione Keystone:
 Per configurare il proprio punto terminale in Keystone, neutron-server ha bisogno del token di autenticazione Keystone.
Description-nl.UTF-8: Legitimatiebewijs voor Keystone:
 Om zijn toegangspunt in Keystone te kunnen aanmaken, heeft neutron-server het legitimatiebewijs voor Keystone nodig.
Description-pt.UTF-8: Sinal de autenticação do Keystone:
 Para configurar o seu endpoint no Keystone, o neutron-server precisa do sinal de autenticação do Keystone.
Description-ru.UTF-8: Токен аутентификации Keystone:
 Для настройки собственной конечной точки в Keystone neutron-api требуется токен аутентификации Keystone.
Description-sv.UTF-8: Autetiseringsvärde för Keystone:
 För att lägga till ändpunkt i Keystone behöver neutron-server ett autentiseringsvärde för Keystone.

Template: neutron/endpoint-ip
Type: string
Description: Neutron endpoint IP address:
 Please enter the IP address that will be used to contact Neutron.
 .
 This IP address should be accessible from the clients that will use this
 service, so if you are installing a public cloud, this should be a public
 IP address.
Description-da.UTF-8: IP-adresse for Neutron-slutpunkt:
 Angiv IP-adressen som skal bruges til at kontakte Neutron.
 .
 Denne IP-adresse skal være tilgængelig fra klienterne, som vil bruge denne tjeneste, så hvis du installerer en offentlig sky, skal dette være en offentlig IP-adresse.
Description-de.UTF-8: IP-Adresse des Neutron-Endpunkts:
 Bitte geben Sie die IP-Adresse ein, die zum Kontaktieren von Neutron benutzt wird.
 .
 Auf diese IP-Adresse sollte von den Clients, die diesen Dienst verwenden, zugegriffen werden können, daher sollte sie, falls Sie eine öffentliche Cloud installieren, eine öffentliche IP-Adresse sein.
Description-es.UTF-8: Dirección IP del punto final de Neutron:
 Introduzca la dirección IP que se utilizará para contactar con Neutron.
 .
 Esta dirección IP debe ser accesible desde los clientes que usarán este servicio, por lo que si está instalando una nube pública, debería ser una dirección IP pública.
Description-fr.UTF-8: Adresse IP du point d'accès Neutron :
 Veuillez indiquer l'adresse IP qui sera utilisée pour contacter Neutron.
 .
 L'adresse IP devra être accessible depuis les clients qui utiliseront ce service, donc si vous installez un nuage public ce devra être une adresse IP publique.
Description-it.UTF-8: Indirizzo IP del punto terminale Neutron:
 Inserire l'indirizzo IP che verrà usato per contattare Neutron.
 .
 Questo indirizzo IP dovrebbe essere accessibile dai client che useranno il servizio, perciò se si sta installando una cloud pubblica, questo dovrebbe essere un indirizzo IP pubblico.
Description-nl.UTF-8: IP-adres van het toegangspunt van Neutron:
 Geef op welk IP-adres gebruikt zal worden om Neutron te contacteren.
 .
 Dit IP-adres moet bereikbaar zijn voor de clients die gebruik zullen maken van deze dienst. Dus indien u een publieke cloud opzet, moet het een publiek IP-adres zijn.
Description-pt.UTF-8: Endereço IP endpoint do Neutron:
 Por favor indique o endereço IP que será usado para contactar o Neutron.
 .
 Este endereço IP deve ser acessível a partir dos clientes que vão usar este serviço, portanto se está a instalar uma "cloud" pública, este deve ser um endereço IP público.
Description-ru.UTF-8: IP-адрес конечной точки Neutron:
 Введите IP-адрес, который будет использован для подключения к Neutron.
 .
 Этот IP-адрес должен быть доступен клиентам, которые будут использовать эту службу, поэтому если вы разворачиваете открытое облако, то это должен быть публичный IP-адрес.
Description-sv.UTF-8: IP-adress för Neutron-ändpunkt:
 Ange den IP-adress som ska användas för att kontakta Neutron.
 .
 Denna IP-adress ska vara nåbar från klienterna som vill använda den här tjänsten. Om detta är en publik molntjänst så ska det vara en publik IP-adress.

Template: neutron/region-name
Type: string
Default: regionOne
Description: Name of the region to register:
 OpenStack supports using availability zones, with each region representing
 a location. Please enter the zone that you wish to use when registering the
 endpoint.
Description-da.UTF-8: Regionsnavn at registrere:
 OpenStack understøtter tilgængelighedszoner, hvor hver regioner repræsenterer et sted. Indtast venligst zonen du øsnker at bruge når slutpunktet registreres.
Description-de.UTF-8: Name der Region, die registriert wird:
 OpenStack unterstützt die Verwendung von Verfügbarkeitszonen, bei der jede Region einen Ort repräsentiert. Bitte geben Sie die Zone, die Sie benutzen möchten, bei der Registrierung des Endpunkts an.
Description-es.UTF-8: Nombre de la región a registrar:
 OpenStack puede utilizarse con zonas de disponibilidad, donde cada región representa una ubicación. Introduzca la zona que desea utilizar cuando registre el punto final.
Description-fr.UTF-8: Nom de la région à enregistrer :
 OpenStack supporte l'utilisation de zones disponibles, avec chaque région représentant un lieu. Veuillez entrer une zone que vous souhaitez utiliser lors de l'enregistrement d'un point d'accès.
Description-it.UTF-8: Nome della regione da registrare:
 OpenStack gestisce le zone di disponibilità, con ogni regione che rappresenta una posizione. Inserire la zona che si desidera usare durante la registrazione del punto terminale.
Description-nl.UTF-8: Naam van de registratieregio:
 Openstack ondersteunt het gebruik van zones van beschikbaarheid, waarbij elke regio een locatie vertegenwoordigt. Geef aan welke zone u wenst te gebruiken bij het registreren van het toegangspunt.
Description-pt.UTF-8: Nome da região a registar:
 O OpenStack suporta usar zonas de disponibilidade, com cada região a representar um local. Por favor indique a zona que deseja usar ao registar o endpoint.
Description-ru.UTF-8: Название области для регистрации:
 Openstack поддерживает разделение на зоны доступности, где каждая область представляет определённое расположение. Введите зону, которую вы хотите использовать при регистрации конечной точки.
Description-sv.UTF-8: Regionnamn:
 OpenStack kan användas med tillgänglighetszoner. Varje region representerar en plats. Ange zonen som ska användas när ändpunkten registreras.
